# FederatedLearningMaster

# FederatedLearningMaster !! Es ist Herausforduerung !!

Federated Learning is born at the intersection of on-device AI, blockchain, and edge computing/IoT. Es ist nich herausfordurung !!

Here we train a centralized Machine Learning model on decentralized data! 

Zum Beispiel !!
Suppose, you got selected as a machine learning intern in a company, and your task is to create a robust machine learning application, that needs to train itself on user-sensitive data.

If we are allowed to extract user data, aggregate it from many users and stack them up on a centralized cloud server, for machine learning model training. We are doing a good job !! Kudos we are done let go home, problem solved.

But Wait, when you submitted the work to Business, there is an update from your Business, we cannot get the user data. Are you not invading someone's Privacy?? Is this was not factored-in in the feasibility assessment of the feature. It's Friday evening and already but a lot of hard work whole week to complete the model. Es ist enttauschened !! 

While taking a sip of Beer on Friday evening and reading some blogs on the topic, thought that it done not seems ethical for sharing the User's data and definately have the privcy concerns. Started thinking some out of box approach to make this happen !!

Can we train our models locally on our respective devices? Is it possible? What about the computation power of our devices?? Will it support to train the neural network models?? Even if the models are trained how we will be integrating the different federated learning model and aggregrate there learnings?? Can we not reverse engineer the model to get the user data in the centralized server?? How can we avoid that to happen??

Thought is - Can we train the model on the devices itself and not on the centralized server. he local data generated by the user history, on a particular device, will now be used as on-device data to train our model and make it smarter, much quicker.!! 

Here goes the plan.....
* 













## Important Links
* https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2021/05/federated-learning-a-beginners-guide/
* https://medium.com/@ODSC/what-is-federated-learning-99c7fc9bc4f5
